[CF1] signing cert clarification (#22699)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/warp-client-checks/client-certificate.mdx

## Prerequisites

- A CA that issues client certificates for your devices. WARP does not evaluate the certificate trust chain; this needs to be the issuing certificate.

  :::note[Upload the signing certificate that directly issued the client certificate]

  When uploading a certificate to use in posture checks, Cloudflare does not differentiate between root and intermediate certificates. You must upload the actual signing certificate – the one that directly signed the client certificate.

>   The signing certificate might be an intermediate CA, not the root CA. If you upload the wrong certificate (for example, a root that did not sign the client cert), the posture check will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you upload a different certificate, even if it exists higher up in the trust chain (for example, the root that issued the signing certificate), the posture check will fail.
```
